Fix the description of the indexing_threshold (#115)
qdrant/docs: qdrant/v0.10.x/collections.md

)
```

> This command enables indexing for segments that have more than 10000 KBs.

Reviewer: Nitpick, but maybe this is better:

```suggestion
This command enables indexing for segments that have more than 10000 KB of vectors stored.
```

Author: That's better, thanks! Will update it quickly
